Update set-the-caller-id-for-a-user.md (#7475)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/set-the-caller-id-for-a-user.md

    
  > [!NOTE]

>   > If you want to use the *Service* parameter, you must specify a valid service number.
>   > You need to use the PowerShell cmdlets for Resource account number if not visible in drop down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > - If you want to use the *Service* parameter, you must specify a valid service number.
  > - You need to use the PowerShell cmdlets New-CsCallingLineIdentity or Set-CsCallingLineIdentity in the Teams PowerShell module 2.3.1 or later for the Resource account number if it is not visible in the dropdown.
```

Reviewer: @shashank1320 - I am really not sure about this - but your change seems incomplete. Please commit my suggested change if it is correct or edit your suggestion directly to provide complete information.

Author: Updated with suggestion.
